fix(scaffolder): refetch user credentials when selected host is changed in RepoUrlPicker (#25693)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/tough-lies-repair.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder': patch
---

> RepoUrlPicker: refetch user credentials when a new host is selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix issue with `RepoUrlPicker` not refreshing the credentials for a different host
```
